# Markdown for questionnaires

## This is a survey for the topic "Markdown for Questionnaires". In the first part you will be asked about certain design decisions that have been taken throughout the development of the prototype. In the second part you will get familiar with the syntax.

--- Part 1

#:"What date are you doing the survey on?"

?:"Do you think the idea for extending the Markdown for Questionnaires makes sense? Why? Why not? (2-3 sentences)"

?:"Are you familiar with Markdown syntax? What is the correct way to define a section, or otherwise known as a horizontal line"
() ---
() newline
() "\n"
() there is no way

?:"Analyse the following syntax. Which makes sense according to you to be used as a number input?"
() %:
() #:
() "[numberinput][/numberinput]"
() ?:number

?:"Analyze the following syntax. Which makes sense according to you to be used as a date input?"
() %:
() #:
() "[dateinput][/dateinput]"
() ?:date

--- Part 2

## Well, you have reached this part. Here is some information about the current status of the project:

## The idea is to develop syntax following the Markdown principles so that surveys and questionnaires can be defined quickly and then integrated into existing survey tools.

## It was chosen that LimeSurvey is used as a basis because it is open-source and supports customizing the survey elements (including, but not limited to HTML, CSS and JS).

## There were some roadblocks in the way...

## But here is an overview of the syntax so far:

## # Defines the title of the survey

## ## Defines a display question like this one

## ?: Defines a question which needs an answer

?:"Like this one?"
() yeah i got it
() interesting

?:"Or this one where you can express your creativity:"

## %: defines a number input

## #: defines a date input, mainly because the # looks like a calendar... Just a simple one

## --- and you define groups of questions

## And thats not all...

## LimeSurvey supports different types of input. This prototype only supports certain data types, but more are in progress...

--- Part 3

## The way has not been easy. LimeSurvey does support html, css and js, but can execute custom scripts only in the paid version. So we have opted for using the LimeSurvey proprietary .lss format to be able to import surveys directly.

## The whole format has been reverse engineered, as there is no documentation on the matter. All for the sake of research and making it easier.

+:"Can you imagine this whole survey was done in just 10 minutes using Markdown syntax?"
() Wow
() Yeah it seems plausible
() Nah your lying
() Markdown for Questionnaires? Whats that?

%:"In fact, can you guess how many minutes it would take to make this survey in LimeSurvey?"

--- Part 4

## The answer to the last part was around 45 minutes. So 66% time savings (of course not counting the time it took to develop the prototype, which you will luckily not need to develop ;) )

## Hope you enjoyed this survey and infomercial about this project. I would ask you to rate this, but both rating and number input ranges are still in development, so I will politely ask you to leave your feedback in the input below:

?:" "
